[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 fantasy drama film the
shape of water so let's get started the
film opens with Eliza Esposito a mute
that communicates through sign language
who also has scars on her neck she lives
in Baltimore in 1962 and his only
friends with her gay advertising
illustrator neighbor Giles and her
co-worker Zelda who acts as an
interpreter for her at their work a
secret government laboratory where they
work as janitors a mysterious River
creature from South America is captured
and brought to the facility by Colonel
Richard Strickland Eliza discovers the
humanoid creature and begins to develop
a bond with it seeking to exploit the
creature for advantages in the space
race Strickland is ordered to physec the
creature a scientist robert hofstetler a
secret soviet spy unsuccessfully pleads
to keep the creature alive for study and
he is ordered by his soviet leaders to
euthanize the creature eliza learns of
the vivisection and has her neighbor
giles help her free the creature
scientist hofstetler discovers the plans
and helps her and so does zelda eliza
keeps the creature in her bathtub
planning to release him into the ocean
in a few days Eliza and Zelda are
interrogated by Strickland but he finds
nothing at the apartments Giles finds
the creature is eating one of his cats
startled the creature slashes Giles arm
and runs Eliza is able to get the
creature back into the apartment the
creature touches giles on his balding
head and his wounded arm and the next
day his hair is growing back and his arm
is fully healed Eliza and the creature
develop a romantic relationship even
having sex in the bathroom which she
floods scientists hofstetler is shot by
his superiors which Strickland witnesses
kills the superiors in tortures
hofstetler for the information on Eliza
and Zelda Strickland threatens and
intimidate Zelda at her home causing her
husband to reveal where Eliza and the
creature are and discovers that they're
going to the canal at the canal Eliza
and Giles say their goodbyes but
Strickland arrives and
tax them both Eliza and the creature
shot and they both appear to die the
creature is able to heal himself and
then slashes Strickland's throat as the
police arrived the creature jumps into
the canal with Eliza and heals her
wounds
Ethan also changes the scars on her neck
into gills so she can breathe underwater
as the film conclude we hear giles
expressing that he believes Eliza lived
happily ever after with the creature so
that was the spoilers for the shape of
water if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]